hi I'm Erin and today I'm going to be
making one of my favorite pub foods
escargot stuffed and mushroom caps it is
a simple and easy meal to make and it's
delicious it's actually more of an
appetizer than a meal but it's
definitely if you have it with some
bread or some bruschetta that it will be
a delicious meal so I've already started
to preheat my pan and preheat my oven so
I'm going to add a splash of Spanish
olive oil to the bottom of my pan just
kind of swirl it around that we're going
to add half of a sweet onion so the
quarter cup diced and I'm going to start
with a tablespoon a dozen mushroom caps
I'm not going to let it cook too long I
just want to set it for a minute and
then what I'm going to do is I have some
dry red wine this is a cab I'm going to
add
right a cup and a half of red wine into
my pan now I put the dry because I don't
want this sweet flavor take them away
from the dish this is some fresh thyme
I'm adding in and then I have a dozen
dry precooked Helix s cargos so I'm
going to add those in right away also
okay so I'm gonna get a mushroom spread
out around the outside of the pan I'm
gonna turn up the heat on the pan
because I'm really going to let that red
wine cook down and get some concentrated
flavor into it this is gonna take about
four minutes and by the time it's done
the mushrooms will be cooked the
escargot will be hot the flavor of the
time will be infused into the red wine
so we'll come back in four minutes when
this is all finished and ready to go on
to the next step alright so took six
minutes so far and the the sauce has
been completely reduced so we're just
left with some cooked mushrooms and the
large helix snails garlic and onions so
I'm gonna turn that right down just keep
cooking the sauce a little bit I have
some Muslim dishes so I'm going to start
by loading the mushrooms into the
mushroom dishes at 6:00 each
so try to choose mushrooms that are
appropriate size for the snails that you
have know that not everyone has mushroom
dishes you could use a little plate
instead
and now I've put the snails on top of
the mushrooms now I'm just gonna do the
same for the other mushroom dish it's
like I said I had 12 mushrooms and 12
snails
so load those in there the aroma coming
off of this is fantastic this is a
really great meal for one of those cool
fall days okay so I'm gonna the rest of
the sauce with the garlic's and the
onions I'm going to just kind of pour on
top of that you want some sauce in there
just pull off the time and put off to
the side
okay the mushrooms and the snake all in
there I have some pre grated mozzarella
cheese put just a little bit of feta in
there just gonna want that extra little
pop of flavor from the dryness of the
feta cheese and it adds a little bit of
contrast to your mozzarella cheese which
is really mild I did not very much but
just a very little bit now I just talked
to enough of it to cover the mushrooms
and the snails and I have them in dishes
so when the melts it doesn't get all
over the oven so I'm going to put this
in my preheated oven that is at 425
degrees it's going to take around 15
minutes in this up
all right we will check back in 15
minutes and we'll see what they're
looking like okay so it's been 15
minutes the escargot is completely done
now the sauce is nice and bubbly watch
the cheese is all nice and melty and
crisp on the top and I've also made some
a little bit of garlic toast with some
focaccia bread that I made earlier today
so that's it it took about 25 minutes to
make it total it's pretty easy process
and it's very good on a nice crisp fall
day thank you for watching and if you
enjoyed my videos please subscribe